clai/server/plugins/nlc2cmd/wa_skills/README.md, before:

# nlc2cmd for IBM Cloud CLI

`NLP` `Support` `ibmcloud`

This contains scripts that turn the recognized intents into actionable commands on the command line. 
Previously in [../](../) we looked at some common examples using the `tar` and `grep` commands. 
Here we want to highlight another instantiation of the nlc2cmd use case, this time for the [IBM Cloud CLI](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/cli) and the `ibmcloud` family of commands.

## Example Usage

![nlc2cmd4ibmcloudcli](https://www.dropbox.com/s/35oucoqq4o8pwau/nlc2cloud.gif?raw=1)

The script [cloudbot.py](cloudbot.py) supports some illustrative commands from the [IBM Cloud CLI cheatsheet](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-docs/cli/blob/master/IBM%20Cloud%20CLI%20quick%20reference.pdf) -- CLAI currently handles all these instances. Try them out, or the ones below as a quick start!

1. `>> How do I login?`
2. `>> how do i organize my resources`
3. `>> show me how to add tags`
4. `>> billing costs`
5. `>> available plugins`
6. `>> I want to invite someone to my cloud`

## [xkcd](https://uni.xkcd.com/)

There's planned downtime every night when we turn on the Roomba and it runs over the cord.

![alt text](https://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/the_cloud.png "There's planned downtime every night when we turn on the Roomba and it runs over the cord.")

Commit message:

updating PR 54 (#65)
* zos-extension to nlc2cmd (#61)

* cloudbot refactor

Signed-off-by: Tathagata Chakraborti <tathagata.chakraborti1@ibm.com>

* duplicate requirements purge

Signed-off-by: Tathagata Chakraborti <tathagata.chakraborti1@ibm.com>

* wa skills refactor

Signed-off-by: Tathagata Chakraborti <tathagata.chakraborti1@ibm.com>

* add remote server

Signed-off-by: Tathagata Chakraborti <tathagata.chakraborti1@ibm.com>

* tested without z

Signed-off-by: Tathagata Chakraborti <tathagata.chakraborti1@ibm.com>

* dummy config

Signed-off-by: Tathagata Chakraborti <tathagata.chakraborti1@ibm.com>

* merge ready

Signed-off-by: Tathagata Chakraborti <tathagata.chakraborti1@ibm.com>

* added try prefix in suggestion

Signed-off-by: Tathagata Chakraborti <tathagata.chakraborti1@ibm.com>

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Create README.md

Co-authored-by: Tathagata Chakraborti <tathagata.chakraborti1@ibm.com>

* Bump flask from 0.12.2 to 1.0 in /clai/server/plugins/nlc2cmd/remote (#64)

* Bump flask from 0.12.2 to 1.0 in /clai/server/plugins/nlc2cmd/remote

Bumps [flask](https://github.com/pallets/flask) from 0.12.2 to 1.0.
- [Release notes](https://github.com/pallets/flask/releases)
- [Changelog](https://github.com/pallets/flask/blob/master/CHANGES.rst)
- [Commits](https://github.com/pallets/flask/compare/0.12.2...1.0)

Signed-off-by: dependabot[bot] <support@github.com>

* new flask version

Signed-off-by: Tathagata Chakraborti <tathagata.chakraborti1@ibm.com>

Co-authored-by: dependabot[bot] <49699333+dependabot[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Tathagata Chakraborti <tathagata.chakraborti1@ibm.com>

Co-authored-by: Tathagata Chakraborti <tathagata.chakraborti1@ibm.com>
Co-authored-by: dependabot[bot] <49699333+dependabot[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

clai/server/plugins/nlc2cmd/wa_skills/README.md, after:

# nlc2cmd for IBM Cloud CLI and z/OS

`NLP` `Support` `ibmcloud`

This contains scripts that turn the recognized intents into actionable commands on the command line. 
Previously in [../](../) we looked at some common examples using the `tar` and `grep` commands. 
Here we want to highlight another instantiation of the nlc2cmd use case, this time for the [IBM Cloud CLI](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/cli) and the `ibmcloud` family of commands on the shell, as well as more specialized
commands in the z/OS USS terminal in mainframes.

## Example Usage

![nlc2cmd4ibmcloudcli](https://www.dropbox.com/s/35oucoqq4o8pwau/nlc2cloud.gif?raw=1)

The script [cloudbot.py](cloudbot.py) supports some illustrative commands from the [IBM Cloud CLI cheatsheet](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-docs/cli/blob/master/IBM%20Cloud%20CLI%20quick%20reference.pdf) -- CLAI currently handles all these instances. Try them out, or the ones below as a quick start!

1. `>> How do I login?`
2. `>> how do i organize my resources`
3. `>> show me how to add tags`
4. `>> billing costs`
5. `>> available plugins`
6. `>> I want to invite someone to my cloud`

<img src="https://www.dropbox.com/s/jxct2mdlphhcua2/ss3.png?raw=1" width="400px"/>

Similarly, the script [zosbot.py](zosbot.py) supports some illustrative commands from the 
USS (UNIX System Services) terminal in the z/OS operating system.

1. `>> copy file to PDS member`
2. `>> lookup reason codes`
3. `>> view mvs file`

## [xkcd](https://uni.xkcd.com/)

There's planned downtime every night when we turn on the Roomba and it runs over the cord.

![alt text](https://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/the_cloud.png "There's planned downtime every night when we turn on the Roomba and it runs over the cord.")
